Replace central server by user interface or SaaS platform (#3909)
centreon/centreon-documentation: cloud/monitoring/monitoring-servers/deploying-a-configuration.md

title: Deploying a configuration
---

> When you create, delete or edit objects in the **Configuration** menu, changes are not applied automatically (either on the central poller on which you have made the change or on any remote server or poller linked to it). For the changes to be taken into account, you must export the configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you create, delete or edit objects in the **Configuration** menu, changes are not applied automatically. For the changes to be taken into account, you must deploy the configuration.
```

## Exporting the configuration

> 1. Go to the **Configuration > Pollers > Pollers** page. The page shows the state of your central

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the **Configuration > Pollers > Pollers** page. The page shows the state of your SaaS platform (**Central** poller)
```

> poller and of all pollers linked to it: changes are shown in the **Conf changed** column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and of all pollers linked to it: changes are shown in the **Conf changed** column.
```

    - **Move Export Files**
    - **Restart Monitoring Engine**. Use the most appropriate method: 
      - **Reload**: when you have created, deleted or edited monitored objects

>       - **Restart**: when you have made changes to the way a poller and the SaaS server communicate together, or 

Author: ```suggestion
      - **Restart**: when you have made changes to the way a poller and the SaaS platform communicate together, or 
```
